Presentation: Doc enhancements for hierarchy specifications (#2977)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/presentation/Hierarchies/CustomNode.md

- In code through [BaseNodeKey.type]($presentation-common).

The given value is often used in [a condition of another child node rule](./ChildNodeRule.md#attribute-condition) to assign children to this node.

```ts
[[include:Hierarchies.CustomNodeSpecification.Type.Ruleset]]
```

![Example of using "type" attribute](./media/hierarchy-with-specification-type-attribute.png)

### Attribute: `label`

Specifies node label. This is a string value that may be [localized](../Advanced/Localization.md).

```ts
[[include:Hierarchies.CustomNodeSpecification.Label.Ruleset]]
```

![Example of using "label" attribute](./media/hierarchy-with-specification-label-attribute.png)

### Attribute: `description`

> **Default value:** `""`

Specifies the value of [Node.description]($presentation-common) property, which is a string that [may be localized](../Advanced/Localization.md). UI component displaying the node may choose whether and how to surface this information to users.

```ts
[[include:Hierarchies.CustomNodeSpecification.Description.Ruleset]]
```

```ts
[[include:Hierarchies.CustomNodeSpecification.Description.Result]]
```

> 

Author: removed

| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ![Example of using "hide nodes in hierarchy" attribute set to "false"](./media/hierarchy-with-specification-hidenodesinhierarchy-attribute-false.png) | ![Example of using "hide nodes in hierarchy" attribute set to "true"](./media/hierarchy-with-specification-hidenodesinhierarchy-attribute-true.png) |

### Attribute: `hideIfNoChildren`

> **Default value:** `false`

Specifies whether the node created through this specification should be hidden if it has no child nodes.

```ts
[[include:Hierarchies.Specification.HideIfNoChildren.Ruleset]]
```

![Example of using "hide if no children" attribute](./media/hierarchy-with-specification-hideifnochildren-attribute.png)

> 

Reviewer: This attribute could use a similar screenshot matrix like `hideNodesInHierarchy` attribute has.

Author: added

Reviewer: There is a non-obvious interaction going on with node groupings, which makes it seem that all root nodes do have children. We should either explain it or use a sample ruleset that turns off grouping.

Author: IMO the main problem is that class and label grouping is "on" by default. Sadly, we can't change that now... 

So at this point it's a choice of adding irrelevant attributes to make result simpler VS simpler rules and more complex result. Generally in my examples I tried to avoid adding extra attributes even if that made the result more complex. I don't have a strong opinion on which way is better - I think it needs explanation anyway.

Author: I changed `hideIfNoChildren` and `hideExpression` examples to use `CustomNode` for root nodes that we hide. IMO that makes the examples easier to understand.

Reviewer: Thanks, the new examples do seem to be more comprehensible.

The updated `hideNodesInHierarchy` descriptions are good enough for now.

### Attribute: `hideExpression`

> **Default value:** `""`

> Specifies an [ECExpression](./ECExpressions.md#specification) whose evaluation result tells whether node should be displayed or hidden (and its children showed instead).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When specified [ECExpression](./ECExpressions.md#specification) evaluates to `true`, nodes produced by this specification are omitted and their children appear one hierarchy level higher.
```

```ts
[[include:Hierarchies.Specification.HideExpression.Ruleset]]
```

![Example of using "hide expression" attribute](./media/hierarchy-with-specification-hideexpression-attribute.png)

### Attribute: `priority`

> **Default value:** `1000`

> Changes the order of specifications. Higher number means the specification is handled first. If priorities are equal, the specifications are handled in the order they're defined.

Reviewer: Copied from ContentInstanceOfSpecificClasses doc.

```suggestion
Controls the order in which specifications are handled — specification with higher priority value is handled first. If priorities are equal, the specifications are handled in the order they appear in the ruleset.
```

### Attribute: `description`

> **Default value:** `""`

Specifies node's description. This is a string that may be [localized](../Advanced/Localization.md). If set, the description is
assigned to [Node.description]($presentation-common) and it's up to the UI component to decide what to do with it.

```ts
[[include:Hierarchies.CustomNodeSpecification.Description.Ruleset]]
```

```ts
[[include:Hierarchies.CustomNodeSpecification.Description.Result]]
```

![Example of using "description" attribute](./media/hierarchy-with-specification-description-attribute.png)

### Attribute: `imageId`

> **Default value:** `""`

Specifies node's image ID. If set, the ID is assigned to [Node.imageId]($presentation-common) and it's up to the UI component
to decide what to do with it.

```ts
[[include:Hierarchies.CustomNodeSpecification.ImageId.Ruleset]]
```

```ts
[[include:Hierarchies.CustomNodeSpecification.ImageId.Result]]
```

### Attribute: `hideNodesInHierarchy`

> **Default value:** `false`

Specifies whether the node created through this specification should be hidden and instead its children should be returned.

```ts
[[include:Hierarchies.Specification.HideNodesInHierarchy.Ruleset]]
```

> ![Example of using "hide nodes in hierarchy" attribute](./media/hierarchy-with-specification-hidenodesinhierarchy-attribute.png)

Author: added

### Attribute: `hideIfNoChildren`

> **Default value:** `false`

Specifies whether the node created through this specification should be hidden if it has no child nodes.

```ts
[[include:Hierarchies.Specification.HideIfNoChildren.Ruleset]]
```

![Example of using "hide if no children" attribute](./media/hierarchy-with-specification-hideifnochildren-attribute.png)

### Attribute: `hideExpression`

> **Default value:** `""`

> Specifies an [ECExpression](./ECExpressions.md#specification) whose evaluation result tells whether node should be displayed or hidden (and its children showed instead).

Author: Node is hidden if at least one of these attributes tells so.

> Specifies an [ECExpression](./ECExpressions.md#specification) whose evaluation result tells whether node should be displayed or hidden (and its children showed instead).

Reviewer: Got it, `hideExpression` only has an effect when it evaluates to `true`.
